Jerry Michalski: You often want a choctaw to run their business.
Kevin Jones: Much more transactional commercial folks.
Jerry Michalski: It's like having a Shabbos goi turned on and off, turn your switches on and off on Shabbat.
Kevin Jones: Or something like that. It's, it's, yeah, they don't think transactionally well. The Choctaw have always done that, and I could go further into the Choctaw, but yeah.
Jerry Michalski: Thank you so much for that story. Gil, please.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: It's a wonderful story, Kevin. Thank you. And the… the what does this decision make us is a question that's going to be resonating with me for a while, so thank you for that.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: Well, it's a… it's a great example of how… how contextual this whole conversation is, because, you know, I would… I might assume something about Native American culture, but no, Cherokee different than Choctaw. No, actually, within Cherokee, differences within… you know, so all of that situational.
Kevin Jones: Yeah, and Cherokee Nation is much more transactional than Eastern Bend and Coutua.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: And you say, but even within Cherokee Nation, there's going to be differences in the different formations that people have, and I'm struck that if I were in conversation with that tribe, talking, you know, if I were you in that situation, and asked.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: Hey guys, what's going on? Haven't heard from you for a while, being curious about the process of the transaction. That would have been very unwelcome, and not helpful.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: Whereas in another setting, I'm at a SOCAP conference, you might ask that question to somebody.
Kevin Jones: Yep. Yeah, the fastest way to go slower with a tribe is to probe.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: Probe how? What does that mean?
Kevin Jones: Is to probe, you know, to say, hey, what's up?
Kevin Jones: You know, it's like, they've said they're going off to think about it. Oh, okay, so you're saying, yeah, that will slow things down. I gotcha. Right, like, you don't get welcome to the camp if you come into the camp. You get visible.
Kevin Jones: And then you wait, and you get invited when it's time to invite you. I mean, it's that kind of…
Kevin Jones: You know, drives me fucking crazy, but, you know, that's what you have to do.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: I had a friend years ago who, lived in…
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: I guess northwestern Maryland, very rural northwestern Maryland.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: And their family had been there for 20 years before they had a conversation with somebody, not on their front porch, but in their house. 20 years before they were invited in from the porch into the house.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: Completely friendly, you know, friendly conversations on the porch, but that's where it was.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: Until…
Jerry Michalski: It's a whole new perspective on slow to warm up.
Kevin Jones: I'll just toss this quickly in, and my friends in Barcelona say they get invited to cafes, but not to the houses.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: There you go.
Jerry Michalski: Yeah, thanks. Our senses of what is… our intimacy gradient is a way of expressing this. Like, who would you invite into your bedroom, to your living room, onto your porch, to your block party? There's a series of concentric rings.
Judith Benham: And…
Jerry Michalski: Each culture, and then within each person probably has different settings for, like, who gets to be where, and how… and what you…
Jerry Michalski: what the framing is for that particular ring. Like, oh, in this ring, it's okay to talk about this kind of stuff, but not okay, you know, further out. All those kinds of things. And then there are people who just, like, live their lives fully in public and have no rings, apparently. Alex?
Alex Kladitis: Thank you, very, very interesting. I wanted to… I was very, sort of… I resonated with a lot of what Louise said, not about the teaching side, but about what things are. Like, I'm… no insult intended.
Alex Kladitis: The chances are, if I see you in another Zoom group, I will not recognize any of you.
Alex Kladitis: Literally, you're different entities, and in my mind, it's a different set. I cannot recognize people. It's always a joke when going to the station, I go past neighbors and friends or whatever, because I can't… they're out of context to where they're supposed to be. So… so the reason… so, it's a different mentality brain.
Alex Kladitis: But what, on the other side is, and a number of you have said it, is… I don't know how many of you have this feeling.
Alex Kladitis: I will not use anything, or do anything, or travel in anything, where I don't understand how it works.
Alex Kladitis: I know how cars work.
Alex Kladitis: I know how jets work.
Alex Kladitis: I have looked through the manual of a 747 jet engine when I was 15.
Alex Kladitis: Because I feel the need to know.
Alex Kladitis: I wouldn't get on a plane without no notice. I wonder how many other people feel like that, because… and that is the inner curiosity that some people have.
Alex Kladitis: And, maybe I'm… like some people said, I talk to everyone. I talk to everyone so much.
Alex Kladitis: I have no…
Alex Kladitis: no barrier. I will ask them anything. And some people, especially in Britain, the British people, a lot of them are very reserved.
Alex Kladitis: And, you know, not difficult to cross the barrier. You can ask about the weather, you can ask about…
Alex Kladitis: anything, not important. But as soon as you ask anything remotely personal, it's just like…
Alex Kladitis: goes out of the window, and I kind of upset a lot of people, strangers, so that's okay.
Alex Kladitis: One of the things I found interesting in talking to young people.
Alex Kladitis: And… but it's not just, you know, it just… just happened to be young people in one company I was working in. When we were doing Brexit in Britain.
Alex Kladitis: It was a big thing. Everybody was talking about it, took years to resolve.
Alex Kladitis: And I was sitting at lunch with some young people, they're all, like, 22, 23, 24.
Alex Kladitis: And I started talking about Brexit, you know, political, you know, being mean, sensitive, you know, I'll go in.
Alex Kladitis: And, to my surprise, they all turned around, the three of them, and said, we don't watch the news.
Alex Kladitis: I said, but it's a big thing, don't you care?
Alex Kladitis: No, I said, did you vote? No, we just don't care.
Alex Kladitis: You know, so, like, they didn't say, don't care, we're just not interested.
Alex Kladitis: And that really profoundly shocked me, that there are people in this world
Alex Kladitis: that are like that. So incurious.
Alex Kladitis: On the one point about Louise and the AIs, what I want to say was, I'm one of those people, because of the faces and everything else, I never understand. You can tell me something.
Alex Kladitis: you know, the teacher would tell me something, I could never understand it because my comprehension's not quite right, etc. And, I was too embarrassed to ask clarifying questions, because eventually it got really annoying to the teacher.
Alex Kladitis: She'd answer the same question 3 times at different angles, and I still didn't get it.
Alex Kladitis: But do you know what?
Alex Kladitis: Since ChatGPT came along, Oh.
Alex Kladitis: Fantastic. I ask the same question in different ways, and eventually I understand it.
Alex Kladitis: And that is brilliant, and I wonder whether kids may actually benefit from that. So, because you don't… you don't feel like being… you're not going to be dumb asking the same question to an AI 50 different times.
Alex Kladitis: But I just thought… I wonder whether that would improve things if you… if you have the teacher and the AI to support the teaching.
Alex Kladitis: And… That's it, thank you.
Jerry Michalski: Thanks, Alex, very much. You reminded me of a little historical nugget. A friend of Kevin and mine, Joe Gouldy, who's a digital historian, wrote a book about… called Roads to Power, which was about the first turnpikes in England.
Jerry Michalski: And before they started putting in turnpikes in England, nobody knew the whole country. There was no map of the whole country. You only knew the road to the next town. And when you start getting roads, you start getting carriage rides. And when you have carriage rides, it's the first time you have strangers contained in a small space.
Jerry Michalski: So you have to invent things like, oh, lovely weather outside.
Jerry Michalski: That small talk is invented, apparently, in that culture, for the close confines of long travel in a carriage.
Jerry Michalski: And…
Jerry Michalski: It pervades cultures in all sorts of different ways, and probably showed up in other ways in other places, but it's cool.
Jerry Michalski: Clause, please.
Klaus Mager: Yeah, we have been…
Klaus Mager: reviewing individual curiosity, but there's also a commons persona, you know, as people… so Brexit is a great example. How was Brexit possible? It's because there was…
Klaus Mager: a curiosity of the comments about what does this all imply, and what does it mean, and where should we be drifting, and where should we be going. So the…
Klaus Mager: looking at this not just from an individual perspective, but from a commons perspective, you know, from… from where the majority is moving, moving around, and maybe having groups within the commons who have divergent opinions. I mean, that's…
Klaus Mager: also, I mean, it's heavily cultural, but it's also,
Klaus Mager: a way to define curiosity, you know, to… because the… the… and I'm not quite sure how to… how to really frame this, but…
Klaus Mager: The… the common mind is curious about and interested in information, and of course it's being manipulated and
Klaus Mager: and messed around with. And the reason why I'm so, so, maybe more aware of it is because, you know, I've been working on climate change, I've been working on…
Klaus Mager: Getting people to understand food within the context of climate and environment. And there is a shift in public perception.
Klaus Mager: You know, you can see that opinion bending towards an understanding of health and of nutrition and so on, and the impact on environment.
Klaus Mager: But it's, it's, and… and I think that the curiosity is there.
Klaus Mager: But you are fighting these information streams that are contradicting each other, you know, and that are manipulated. So how does that all play a role here? How does that…
Klaus Mager: you know, enter the idea of what is curiosity. You know, if you can't distinguish between what's right and wrong, and not wanting to be misled, you know, having to have the trust
Klaus Mager: towards an information source, and then… and then, commit yourself to that information source versus, you know, dismissing others. So I think there's a… there's a… there are a lot of nuances here that are a little bit more difficult to define.
Jerry Michalski: Absolutely, Klaus. You just opened up in my brain
Jerry Michalski: sort of the QAnon and other conspiracy theorist comment of, I did… well, I did the research, or do your own research.
Jerry Michalski: And people going off onto the intertubes and discovering God knows what. And this is sort of at that boundary between curiosity and critical thinking, but also misinformation, disinformation, etc, etc. And, strangely enough, collective sense-making, which is an incredibly OGM-y topic.
Jerry Michalski: Part of the reason we're here is how do we make sense of our world together?
Jerry Michalski: Scott, please.
Scott Moehring: as I am… want to do, I… Have an idea about…
Scott Moehring: A way to define curiosity, or one definition.
Jerry Michalski: And Scott, your volume seems to be really low, if you can lean toward your mic or turn up the gain or something, but keep going.
Scott Moehring: Alright, well, we'll just talk a little louder for a minute.
Scott Moehring: Curiosity.
Scott Moehring: Noticing things you don't… didn't have to notice.
Scott Moehring: I'm gonna put that in the chat. I just wanna see if that resonates with anyone.
Scott Moehring: I've been thinking about noticing, and that seems to fit.
Scott Moehring: What?
Scott Moehring: Well, curiosity. Noticing things you didn't have to notice.
Jerry Michalski: Thank you.
Jerry Michalski: Pete, please.
Pete Kaminski: I, I wanted to… to echo Alex's…
Pete Kaminski: discussion of not going in things that you don't know how they work. I'm not quite that… that extreme, but I certainly
Pete Kaminski: in a building, or in a city, or in a vehicle, or whatever, wherever I'm at.
Pete Kaminski: I usually know a lot about the infrastructure of it, and…
Pete Kaminski: And I feel a lot better about it because of that.
Pete Kaminski: And it's… it's just a way I live. It's not, you know, it's… I don't feel like I'm super curious about things, or that I've got to find out stuff. Although, demonstrably, kind of, I am, compared to other people.
Pete Kaminski: And…
Pete Kaminski: I… I, I'm gonna put a link to a Washington Post article, and I'm not gonna archive, .ph it, you'll have to do that yourself, but, it's…
Pete Kaminski: Washington Post found 47,000 conversations, with ChatGPT, that kind of spilled out onto the internet, and they collected them up and kind of went through them. So, what do people talk with ChatGPT about?
Pete Kaminski: And some of the… some of the things were just, like, heart-stoppingly heartbreaking for me to read, because
Pete Kaminski: when I'm using a chat system, a ChatGP or cloud or whatever, I know how it works, I know why it does what it does, how, you know, I can predict, you know, not entirely accurately, but I can kind of predict
Pete Kaminski: it's going to be good at these things, it's going to be bad at these things, it's going to pretend to be good at these things, and it's going to be wrong, and that doesn't freak me out, you know? It's like riding in a jet airplane, and knowing
Pete Kaminski: What kinds of things would break and are no big deal, and what kinds of things might seem like not a big deal, but they're huge, and, like, everything is a disaster, right?
Pete Kaminski: I know that kind of thing about jet airplanes, or cars, or buses, or, you know, tall buildings, or whatever. And so it…
Pete Kaminski: it…
Pete Kaminski: kind of terrifies me, thinking that people are using these things that are able to ape human emotions effectively, with absolutely no intent or care about what they're doing, because they cannot have care, not because they don't, you know, they don't
Pete Kaminski: give a hoot. They can't. But they pretend that they do, or they act like they do, in a way that confuses people, and there's a bunch of people who don't know how, you know, AI works, and they get fooled by it, and they do all kinds of crazy things with it.
Pete Kaminski: This… it reminds me also, in a strange way, this… I'm going to say something that I feel like is embarrassing to say in public.
Pete Kaminski: I am pretty successful at using
Pete Kaminski: don't do this at home, folks. I'm pretty successful at using ChatGPT as health advice. And I was thinking about that. I had a… I had a kind of a health scare. I ended up in the hospital for a few days. I spent a lot of time with ChatGPT, asking stupid questions of it, rather than a nurse, because nurses are busy doing other
Pete Kaminski: more important things, apparently. No offense to nurses or even the medical system, but ChatGPT was a huge help to me, and I'm like.
Pete Kaminski: Okay, how can I tell people that I did this, and I did it in a safe way?
Pete Kaminski: Because, just like jet airplanes and, you know, excavators and tall buildings, I know a lot about health systems, too. Health systems and my health, and how medicine works, and I can understand an explanation from ChatGPT and ask penetrating questions about
Pete Kaminski: Are you… are you sure that you thought about this or that, you know, in a way that I feel…
Pete Kaminski: safe to navigate with ChatGPT,
Pete Kaminski: giving me health advice. I wouldn't recommend that to most people, and again, don't do it at home. But it's… it was shocking reading the Washington Post thing, going, oh my god, people are using these technologies, and they have no clue how it works, and they're getting tricked by it. Not because the thing is trying to trick it, but because they've…
Pete Kaminski: They're in a context where they don't have enough information about it.
Jerry Michalski: Thanks, Pete. Louise.
LP1: Well, that's an interesting one for me to lead on to, because I do reflect on the use of AI, in an education environment.
LP1: I can see there would be so many benefits. I mean, I'm fortunate to have small classes of, say, 24 students, but you can imagine trying to give those 24 students individual focused attention is very challenging. But if they have an AI bot that can respond to them.
LP1: which can lead them, which can assess them and move them on. We have individual students moving at an individual pace.
LP1: And I can see a huge benefit in that, but you've, it's Pete, has given me then a lot of that concern, you know, we've got to have some confidence that that, AI is capable of doing that. Maybe in a focused,
LP1: on a focused topic or subject, you can have an AI that could lead students through a learning experience, and let them, at their own pace, but also at their own level of curiosity, explore a subject.
LP1: Something the conversation has really highlighted for me, which is going to be beneficial when I'm teaching, is that this curiosity is so multifaceted that I may not recognize curiosity from a student about this particular maths lesson.
LP1: But they probably do have the curiosity in some area that's, engrossing for them, and I may just not be aware of that. I mustn't judge them just in their… in the environment of curiosity in my classroom and maths. So that's been very helpful, today.
LP1: One thing I might mention is if you are interested in Brexit, I don't know if you've seen the film, which I found very, enlightening, although I do appreciate it's sort of a docudrama, where, Benedict Cumberbatch plays Dominic Cummings, and, it explores the ways that,
LP1: they managed to influence and convince the public that, to exit was the vote. So that's quite interesting to watch.
Jerry Michalski: Thank you so much, Louise. Excuse me.
Jerry Michalski: Oops, John.
* John Kelly: Yup.
* John Kelly: Okay, so… One of the ideas of my curiosity was noticing things that you don't absolutely have to notice.
* John Kelly: You may notice that I'm in a different context than I was earlier in the call, and
* John Kelly: If you're curious, I'm actually in a hyperbaric chamber, and we're just under 2 atmospheres
* John Kelly: And about 46% oxygen, which is,
* John Kelly: As nominally therapeutic benefits for both Certainly.
* John Kelly: conditions, certain disease conditions, but also, you know, as both a longevity or a cognitive enhancement tool, and that's how I'm using it.
* John Kelly: And also to build on the comments about teaching.
* John Kelly: I taught different levels, you know.
* John Kelly: young kids, High school, college, and adults.
* John Kelly: And,
* John Kelly: there are techniques which, if you thought this was curiosity, you would be oversimplifying on the one hand. On the other hand.
* John Kelly: They're quite powerful, particularly if You can,
* John Kelly: alter the social meaning of it. So, a classic one that all of us who have done any consulting, or even just people who are here, I mean, you've heard of the five whys things, where you just keep asking why, why.
* John Kelly: You basically take apart each answer.
* John Kelly: you don't accept it as, oh, that's not the… that's not the ultimate why. The other whys are underneath.
* John Kelly: That's just an example of one kind of question. I actually Noticed in teaching that
* John Kelly: It's possible to over-focus on why.
* John Kelly: when you haven't done the previous work about what and how. And how is a more neutral version of why. Why assumes, you know, why… we tend to look for a motivation. We tend to look for a human actor and a motivation. And
* John Kelly: It's a good place to look, you know, if you're… if you're in a mystery story, or if you're in a, you know…
* John Kelly: Murder mystery, or other kind of mysteries. But there's other kinds of… kinds of collaborative coherence of,
* John Kelly: causes, and you might not notice those unless you said how instead of why, and also if you said what first. And…
* John Kelly: What about the fact that students, and I had, I had plenty of…
* John Kelly: militantly uncurious students. First gen… first generation college, In a mill town, you know.
* John Kelly: Their ideal, their career goal was to become a shop teacher.
* John Kelly: you know, they were… they were there. When I started talking about communication, they said, well.
* John Kelly: When are we gonna laminate?
* John Kelly: And they had pictures of motorcycles and things like this that they wanted to land. This is college. This is college.
* John Kelly: But it was… it was a shock to me. But I found that if you created a context in which there's a social reason
* John Kelly: for participating and pursuing a question like the five whys. They'll participate for the social reason, and then down the road, they'll get the benefit in terms of the enrichment of the conversation and the possibility of, say, oh.
* John Kelly: We actually, discovered something that we weren't looking for, and we weren't particularly… if you told us to look for it, we would not have necessarily done it, but we did it in the context of playing this little game, and as a result of playing the little game.
* John Kelly: We now have a different perspective.
* John Kelly: So… That's it.
* John Kelly: Thank you, John.
Jerry Michalski: Determined.
Kevin Jones: Yeah, you know, this is going from, don't try this at home, and sort of part of my approach to life or something. About 25 years ago, I was in Rajasthan at a Mughal fort, and there was a fakir who does, you know, a random pattern to keep a cobra.
Kevin Jones: From going at it. And I've been told just a few weeks before by a woman that I was hard to follow in dance, so I wanted to see how it would be with the cobra.
Kevin Jones: So I bought a…
Kevin Jones: little pipe thing, little tube, whatever those things are, and got a little closer, and so the Cobra focused on me, and it turned… I did my little funky thing, and within less than 30 seconds, the cobra had me figured out better than Sean McConnell's wife had.
Kevin Jones: But I planned my exit well. I knew what to do with my right hand and with my left leg, and to spin behind, and so that he was in the line of fire, and my kids are watching me, and it's like.
* John Kelly: I didn't have to tell them, don't try this, because they'd seen me, you know, do something.
Kevin Jones: But it was a great time. The moment of being eye-to-eye with a cobra is something I would do
Kevin Jones: And I don't regret doing, but I'm glad they didn't think they needed to do it. So I'm really glad that my kids have not seen me as a role model.
Jerry Michalski: This is a good, non-replicable parenting moment.
Jerry Michalski: Thanks, Kevin.
Jerry Michalski: Stacy.
Jerry Michalski: Stacy, you're ending up in the queue after people saying incredible things, so… good luck. Go ahead.
Stacey Druss: Thank you. Yeah, I just… I just wanted to say that, I think we're… there's a little bit of a blurry line between the noticing and the curious, and I… I just want to remind everybody, we are all curious, so just saying that.
Stacey Druss: With the noticing, I do believe there are people that they just don't notice.
Stacey Druss: And…
Stacey Druss: Like, they may not have the ability to notice, and so if you don't notice in the first place, you can't be curious.
Stacey Druss: Then there are people that notice, and they're not curious, and there's a difference there. So I just wanted to point that out.
Jerry Michalski: Thanks, Stacey. And, and, and…
Jerry Michalski: So much of all of this is about how we direct our attention, or how we mind our attention, or what we pay attention to, however you want to phrase that.
Jerry Michalski: Because only that will direct us to be curious and give us the avenue, as you just described.
Jerry Michalski: We are very close to the end of our time together today, so I'm wondering if anybody has,
Jerry Michalski: Victoria, did we miss things? Would you rather us have a more solid framework? I haven't been able to track the Excalibro on board very well. The Excalidraw has been growing.
Victoria (Spain): And it can be opened Longer, so anybody who wants to continue the conversation there, that would be great.
Victoria (Spain): It's always great to have the conversation going on.
Victoria (Spain): I will say that… I asked here in the chat if anyone knew about the question formulation technique.
Victoria (Spain): That is a methodology that the Right Question Institute launched some years ago.
Victoria (Spain): I think we need to do something like that.
Victoria (Spain): With a good focus question, And start asking the questions first.
Victoria (Spain): And then, like, playing with… These questions, prioritize, and then decide what to do.
Victoria (Spain): Because I love the conversation, I've learned a lot.
Victoria (Spain): But I don't think we have really
Victoria (Spain): start to uncover half of what curiosity is about.
Victoria (Spain): Because we were explaining our hypotheses instead of asking questions.
Jerry Michalski: Hmm, okay. So the four rules for producing questions from the question formulation technique, I'll just read them into the room so that we're aware, because I think you're suggesting we use this?
Victoria (Spain): So, if you are, if you want some combat, some of the meeting could go like this, so, just to practice.
Jerry Michalski: So the four rules for producing questions are ask as many questions as you can.
Jerry Michalski: Do not stop to answer, judge, or discuss.
Jerry Michalski: Write down every question exactly as stated, and then change any statements into questions.
Jerry Michalski: That's the process.
Jerry Michalski: And it would be fun to experiment with that. And Victoria, have you run any meetings or sessions where you've used this?
Victoria (Spain): I was attending a seminar.
Victoria (Spain): More or less, very informal, just like this.
Victoria (Spain): among people who were interested in learning about Greek mythology.
Victoria (Spain): And the idea was that we raised the theme, and one person was preparing the theme for the next session, and people would come with questions.
Victoria (Spain): Nobody did, nobody asked, of course.
Victoria (Spain): Until I suggested this, And then…
Victoria (Spain): We had so many questions, and we were able, like, to really…
Victoria (Spain): Go in the direction we wanted, because…
Victoria (Spain): We end it with those lists of, questions, prioritize them, decide what to do with them.
Victoria (Spain): Some people were like, for example, I want to invest to go further, research the…
Victoria (Spain): The hero, heroine, difference, I want to go through this other path, so each one decided
Victoria (Spain): The next session, instead of having this, like.
Victoria (Spain): Standardized sessions, because they were the topics everybody talks about.
Victoria (Spain): And it was really enriched… enriched for everybody.
Victoria (Spain): So… Maybe we can use it at least once?
Victoria (Spain): to uncover anything we can about curiosity or about anything else. That's not the… the issue is not the theme, it's that we practice with this.
Victoria (Spain): That maybe can bring something new to this… conversations.
Jerry Michalski: I like it, and I'm tempted to…
Jerry Michalski: go back to the topic of curiosity, or just shift around? I don't know. I'm open to whatever anybody wants to suggest, but I think using this would be great. I think the immediate question that comes to mind is, at the end of this process, you have apparently a really long, great list of questions, then what do you do?
Victoria (Spain): No, the next steps, the question formulation technique does not end in the list of questions.
Jerry Michalski: Right?
Victoria (Spain): It ends when you decide to prioritize the questions, and what to do with the first three questions that are in your list.
Jerry Michalski: Awesome.
Victoria (Spain): Thank you.
Jerry Michalski: Beautiful.
Jerry Michalski: So I… let's you and I talk about that some more, so we can sort of set this up. Anybody else who's interested, let us know on the OGM list.
Jerry Michalski: And,
Jerry Michalski: We don't have Ken for a while, he's stepped away from conversations like this for a bit, so we don't have a poem.
Jerry Michalski: From him at the end of the call, which is… Sad for me. But,
Jerry Michalski: We'll be back in a week. So, thank you very much for a great call. That was… this was… this was a perfect exploration. Really appreciate it.
Jerry Michalski: Thank you all.
Jerry Michalski: Gabriele, welcome, thanks, nice to see you.
Gabriele G: Thanks. Thanks.
Jerry Michalski: And Luis as well.
Gabriele G: Yeah, yeah, thank you, Jerry.
Gabriele G: I had some good, insights from that.
Gabriele G: Yeah, I'm really intrigued about this,
Gabriele G: asking questions things, so I'm… I'm going to read and found something online, or… how can I,
Gabriele G: you said that if… if I am interested, how can I, manifest those interest… interests if you're going to do something about this… the question formulating, or…
Gabriele G: In the future.
Jerry Michalski: Yeah, you are not yet on the OGM Google group, the mailing list that we use, so… No.
Gabriele G: I eat.
Jerry Michalski: Victoria gave me your email address. Is it okay if I add you to the list?
Gabriele G: Yeah, definitely, definitely.
Jerry Michalski: Sounds great. And then, so on that list is where we talk. That's our conversational space, so…
Jerry Michalski: That would be the place.
Gabriele G: Nice. Perfect. Jerry?
Stacey Druss: Can you, can you put, can you put Victoria's, thing on the email? The, I don't know what it's called, the cat…
Jerry Michalski: Calendar.
Jerry Michalski: I will add a link to the Excaladraw map to the email that I post when I posted this session online. That's a great idea.
Stacey Druss: Okay.
Jerry Michalski: Stacey, thank you.
Stacey Druss: Gabrielle, if you do… if you do write and post something, post it also to the OGM mailing list so we can see it.
Gabriele G: I'm sorry, I don't…
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: I think you said you were going to write or post something about your exploration. I invite you to share it with us on the OGM mailing list.
Jerry Michalski: Once I put you on the list.
Jerry Michalski: Cool. Thank you. Thanks. Thanks, everybody.
Gil Friend • Sustainability OG • CxO Coach: Thanks, everybody. Bye, all.
Gabriele G: Bye.